
题目原文：
    Endotherms are animals such as modern birds and mammals that keep their body temperatures constant. For instance, 
    humans are endotherms and maintain an internal temperature of 37°C, no matter whether the environment is warm or cold. 
    Because dinosaurs were reptiles, and modern reptiles are not endotherms, it was long assumed that dinosaurs were not endotherms.
    However, dinosaurs differ in many ways from modem reptiles, and there is now considerable evidence that dinosaurs were, in fact, endotherms.
    Polar dinosaurs
    One reason for believing that dinosaurs were endotherms is that dinosaur fossils have been discovered in Polar Regions.
    Only animals that can maintain a temperature well above that of the surrounding environment could be active in such cold climates.

Sample Response:
    The professor actually contradicts the statements made in the passage. She is of the view that dinosaurs are not endorsers, i.e. they were not able 
    to keep their body temperature at a constant rate. The professor contradicts the issue of dinosaurs being endothers based on the availability 
    of fossils being available in the polar regions, she say that the polar regions in those days were not as cold as they are today i.e at least warm enough 
    for dinosaurs to live. During harsh winters she says that there is a possibility of the dinosaurs actually migrating to warmer regions. 
    The issue of leg position and movement being used as a reason to classify the dinosaurs as endotherms does not please the professor either. 
    She says that dinosaurs had legs under their bodies to support their huge bodies i.e the legs under the body of the dinosaur were actually 
    to support the huge weight of the dinosaur and not to provide it with a body structure like endotherms(which is actually suited for running).
    The professor acknowledges the presence of haversian canals but also points out that that the fossils show the presence of growth rings.
    These rings occur due to the thickening of the bone. The thickening indicates that the dinosaurs weren't actually growing continuously 
    but were experiencing periods of rapid growth and periods of no growth in succession. This pattern. she says is characteristic of non endothermic animals.
    Thus it can be inferred that the professor challenges the passage by giving reasons as to why she thinks that the dinosaur is not an endotherm.



结构分析：
   表明立场：The professor actually contradicts the statements made in the passage. She is of the view that dinosaurs are not endotherms.
   理由1：The professor contradicts the issue of dinosaurs being endotherms based on the availability of fossils in Polar Regions.
   理由2：The professor also challenges the idea of leg position and movement being used as a reason to classify dinosaurs as endotherms.
   举例：The professor acknowledges the presence of haversian canals but points out the presence of growth rings in fossils.
   重申观点：Thus, it can be inferred that the professor challenges the passage by giving reasons why she thinks dinosaurs were not endotherms.
词汇：
   Contradicts: 表示对原文观点的相反看法。
   endotherms"，表示恒温动物。
  Leg position and movement: 指恐龙的腿部结构和运动方式。
  Haversian canals: 指哈氏管，一种骨骼结构。
  Growth rings: 指生长环，化石中显示的生长环指示生长情况。

