题目原文：
      Do you agree or disagree with the following statement? At universities and colleges, sports and social activities are just as important as classes 
      and libraries and should receive equal financial support. Use specific reasons and examples to support your answer.

范文
      As people regard education as an essential part of life more and more, whether the educational budgets should be devoted to rises to a hot topic. 
      Some people hold the view that money is supposed to be put into classes and libraries, while others believe that an equal amount of financial support
      should be given to sports and social activities at universities and colleges. From my perspective, sports and social activities make a complete campus
      life together with classes and libraries, so I firmly agree with the statement.  First of all, playing sports makes a person healthy and energetic to
      face the future challenges. It can be seen everywhere that more and more students wear glasses, and too much reading along with facing computers for
      a long time makes it even worse. Then they may suffer from eye problems or other physical diseases. The only way of improving this case is to encourage
      them to take some time relaxing in sports. Furthermore, playing a ball game together is the best method to promote teamwork spirit. After a period of 
      playing together, members will develop a way to solve problems and achieve their common goal. Therefore, sports strengthen one's body as well as enhance 
      the spirit of teamwork. Besides, social activities can help foster abilities that students cannot gain during classes or self-studying. Though being smart
      and diligent, some students are called pedants because of not being able to exchange ideas with others freely. Only if a person is equipped with knowledge 
      and is capable of expressing it can he become competent. So, it is significant for them to take part in social activities with the aim of lifting their
      communication skills. When pedants are forced to talking with others, it's a great chance for them to make new friends and express their thoughts, 
      which may be an opportunity for their future career. Last but not the least is that the places provided for sports and social activities are in need of money. 
      It is common that the school will spend a large sum of money to purchase updated books and facilities to fulfill the requirements of classes and libraries. 
      However, finding a suitable place to play sports or hold social activities is always hard. Take my university as an example, if I want to read a book, 
      I can easily find a seat in the library, but if I want to run for half an hour, the crowded gym will just turn me into a upset mood. Then, requiring the 
      same amount of financial support to ameliorate the condition is just reasonable. In a nutshell, financial support should be contributed to sports and 
      social activities just like classes and libraries, for they help with strengthening bodies, making progress in communication skills and they are in shortage 
      of fund.


词汇：
1. "devoted to"：献身于，专用于
2. "perspective"：观点，看法
3. "energetic"：精力充沛的
4. "promote"：推动，提升
5. "teamwork spirit"：团队精神
6. "foster"：培养，促进
7. "competent"：有能力的，胜任的
8. "ameliorate"：改善，提升

句式：
1. "As people regard education as an essential part of life more and more, whether the educational budgets should be devoted to rises to a hot topic." 可以用来引出论题。
2. "From my perspective, sports and social activities make a complete campus life together with classes and libraries, so I firmly agree with the statement."可以用来表达立场。
3. "First of all, playing sports makes a person healthy and energetic to face the future challenges."可以用来论述观点。
4. "Besides, social activities can help foster abilities that students cannot gain during classes or self-studying."可以用来引出新的论点。
5. "Last but not the least is that the places provided for sports and social activities are in need of money."可以用来总结论点。
6. "In a nutshell, financial support should be contributed to sports and social activities just like classes and libraries, for they help with strengthening bodies, making progress in communication skills and they are in shortage of fund."可以用来结束文章。

