题目原文：
    The sea otter is a small mammal that lives in waters along the western coast of North America from California to Alaska.
    When some sea otter populations off the Alaskan coast started rapidly declining a few years ago, 
    it caused much concern because sea otters play an important ecological role in the coastal ecosystem.
    Experts started investigating the cause of the decline and quickly realized that there were two possible explanations: 
    environmental pollution or attacks by predators. Initially, the pollution hypothesis seemed the more likely of the two.
    The first reason why pollution seemed the more likely cause was that there were known sources of it along the Alaskan coast, 
    such as oil rigs and other sources of industrial chemical pollution. Water samples from the area revealed increased levels of chemicals that 
    could decrease the otters' resistance to life-threatening infections and thus could indirectly cause their deaths.
笔记：
1. 阿拉斯加沿岸有已知的污染源
2. 阿拉斯加海岸的海豹和海狮等其他海洋哺乳动物的数量也在减少
3. 科学家认为污染假说也可以解释水獭数量下降的不均匀模式
题目音频：
      Well, ongoing investigations have revealed that predation is the most likely cause of sea otter decline after all. 
      Well, ongoing investigations have revealed that predation is the most likely cause of sea otter decline after all.
      First, the pollution theory is weakened by the fact that no one can really find any dead sea others washing off on Alaskan beaches. 
      That's not what you would expect if infections caused by pollution started killing a lot of otters. On the other hand, 
      the fact that it's so hard to find dead otters is consistent with the predator hypothesis. If an otter is killed by a predator,
      it's eaten immediately so it can't wash up on shore.
      Second, although orcas may prefer to hunt whales, whales have essentially disappeared from the area because of human hunters.
      That means that orcas have had to change their diet to survive and since only smaller sea mammals are now available, orcas have probably started hunting those.
      So it probably is the orcas that are causing the decline of all the smaller sea mammals mentioned in the passage - the seals, the sea lions and the sea otters.
      And third, the uneven pattern of otter decline is better explained by the orca predation theory than by the pollution theory.
      What happens to otters seems to depend on whether the location where they live is accessible to orcas or not.
      In those locations that orcas can access easily, the number of sea otters has declined greatly. However, because orcas are so large, 
      they can't access shallow or rocky locations. And shallow and rocky locations are precisely the types of locations where sea otter populations have not declined.

笔记：
1. 没有人能真正在阿拉斯加的海滩上找到任何被冲走的死海獭（这一事实削弱了污染理论）
2. 尽管逆戟鲸可能更喜欢捕食鲸鱼，但由于人类的捕猎，鲸鱼基本上已经从该地区消失了
3. 第三，与污染理论相比，逆戟鲸捕食理论更能解释水獭数量下降的不均匀模式

范文：
      The lecturer and the reading passage suggest two competing theories, the predation theory vs. the pollution theory, 
      to explain why the sea otter population is in rapid decline. The professor reasons that the absence of dead sea otters washed up the coast suggests 
      that their decline is not caused by sea pollution but rather by sea predators who consume their bodies after Killing them. In contrast, 
      the reading passage attributes the death of sea otters to pollution, citing evidence of increased sources of ocean contaminants which lead to greater 
      vulnerability to infections. Furthermore, the lecturer argues that orcas are likely factors in the disappearance of sea otters, because the scarcity of whales, 
      their usual prey, has left them with no other choice but to start hunting smaller mammals like the otters for food. The reading passage, on the other hand,
      Rules out this theory based on the orca’s preying habit, and instead approves of the pollution theory as the only explanation for the decline op both large 
      and small sea mammals across the entire ecosystem. Finally, according to the lecturer, the uneven pattern of sea otter decline corresponds to the distribution
      of the orcas. She argues that the pact that their population has declined most rapidly where orcas are most prevalent further validates the predation theory. 
      However, the reading passage argues that changeable environmental factors, which lead to different concentrations of pollutants, better explains the varying 
      pattern of sea otter decline.

结构：
  先总结：捕食理论和污染理论
  1. 没有死海獭被冲上海岸表明它们的减少不是由海洋污染造成的相比之下,
     阅读文章将海獭的死亡归因于污染，并引用了海洋污染物来源增加的证据。
  2. 此外，讲师认为逆戟鲸很可能是海獭消失的原因。
     另一方面，阅读材料排除了这种基于虎鲸捕食习惯的理论，而赞成污染理论作为两大鲸鱼数量下降的唯一解释 ，以及整个生态系统中的小型海洋哺乳动物。
  3. 最后，根据讲师的说法，海獭下降的不均匀模式对应于分布虎鲸。她认为，在逆戟鲸最猖獗的地方，它们的数量下降得最快，这一协定进一步证实了捕食理论。
    然而，阅读文章认为，多变的环境因素，导致不同浓度的污染物，更好地解释了变化海獭减少的模式。
词汇：
   - Predation theory - 捕食理论
   - Pollution theory - 污染理论
   - Sea pollution - 海洋污染
   - Sea predators - 海洋捕食者
   - Contaminants - 污染物质
   - Vulnerability  - 脆弱性
   - Prey (n.) - 猎物
   - Concentrations - 浓度
   - Environmental factors - 环境因素
   - Citing evidence - 引用证据
   - Validation - 验证
   - Corresponds to - 对应于
   - Prevalent - 普遍的
   - Changeable - 可变的
   - Varying pattern - 变化的模式


